# CAT variants

cat: Takes data from any arguments (as files), or stdin if non given, and writes it to stdout.
tac: cat but reverses line order
rev: cat but reverses order in lines
ver: tac | rev
dog: Takes data from stdout and writes it to any given arguments (as files), or stdin if non given.
god: Writes universe to stdout - make sure to redirect to /dev/sda, /dev/uni or something of the like.
rat: Provides way to interface with ratd.
ratd: Remote Access Trojan Demon. On most distros, is just ssh with the libxz backdoor.
ratdd: Remote Access Trojan Demon Daemon. Responsible for setup, config and monitoring of ratd.
ratddd: Remote Access Trojan Demon Daemon Destroyer. Very targeted antivirus.
catd: Daemon to concatinate ratddd memory to NSA's servers.
tacd: Daemon to concatinate NSA memory to ratddd's servers.
revd: Daemon to reverse all pointers that get dereferenced.
head: Daemon to send http HEAD requests to ALL ports.
xd: Uses the power of acronyms to cd quickly.
Xd: Alternative to Xorg.
Xdd: Daemon that manages Xd and reports crashes to NSA.
Y11: Alternative to X11 that uses a p2p model instead of client-server.
Z11: Alternative to X11 that uses DNS to find server (uses NSA DNS server by default).
W11: Windowing system that uses quantum mechanics, and is in a superposition between X11, Y11 and Z11.
Vayland: Alternative to Wayland that supports greater configuration if your RAM chips allow arbitrary bit flips.
Uayland: Utility that allows compatible RAM chips to apply remapping, bit flips, etc very easily.
Yayland: P2P version of Vayland
Zayland: P2P version of Uayland (somehow)
Zaylan: Version of Zayland that doesn't daemonize.
Zaylandd: Version of Zayland that interfaces directly with ratdd.
-: takes data from stdin/out/err and writes to any arguments (as hostnames or domain names) by SSHing into DNS servers.
less: Reduces chaos of linux ecosystem by using paging and reversal to go back up this list to the part where it was normal.
more: Increases chaos by using unimplementations to prevent going back.
tail: Takes data from any arguments (as files), or stdin if not given, and writes the last n lines to stdout.

<Title Text>:
nano: allows you to edit the source code or (pro) binary for more to allow going back.
